README.md, before:

# Neutralino.js Template With Vite.js and Vue.js

A modern starter template combining Neutralino.js, Vite, and Vue 3 with TypeScript support.

## Technologies

- **[Neutralino.js](https://neutralino.js.org/)**   - Lightweight desktop app framework, alternative to Electron
- **[Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)**                   - Next-generation frontend tooling with instant HMR
- **[Vue 3](https://vuejs.org/)**                   - Progressive JavaScript framework with Composition API

## Requirements

- **Node.js 18+**                                   - (required for Vite 6)
- **npm** or **yarn**                               - (package manager)

## Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/jonasfroeller/vue.vite.neutralinojs.template.git
cd vue.vite.neutralinojs.template

# Install dependencies
yarn

# Update Neutralino binaries
npx neu update

# Customize your app
# - Update `name` and `description` in `package.json`
# - Update `applicationId`, `modes.window.title`, and `cli.binaryName` in `neutralino.config.json`
# - Update `<title>` in `index.html`
# - Replace `public/favicon.ico` and icons
```

## Development

```bash
# Build and run in Neutralino window
yarn dev
```

## Production Build

```bash
# TypeScript check + Vite build + Neutralino build
yarn build
```

Your app binaries will be in the `dist/` folder.

## Project Structure

```
├── src/                    # Source code
│   ├── main.ts             # App entry point
│   ├── App.vue             # Root component
│   └── env.d.ts            # TypeScript declarations
├── public/                 # Static assets
├── index.html              # HTML entry
├── vite.config.ts          # Vite configuration
├── tsconfig.json           # TypeScript config
├── neutralino.config.json  # Neutralino config
└── package.json            # Package config
```

## Why Neutralino?

**Blazing fast** compared to alternatives:

|                  | Neutralino     | Tauri            | Electron         |
| ---------------- | -------------- | ---------------- | ---------------- |
| Min. binary size | ~2-3 MB        | ~5-10 MB         | ~150 MB+         |
| Startup time     | Instant        | Fast             | Slow             |
| Compile step     | None (JS only) | Rust compilation | None             |
| Runtime          | System webview | System webview   | Bundled Chromium |

**Advantages:**
- No bundled runtime – uses Edge WebView2 on Windows
- Zero compile step – just JS bundling, no Rust/Go
- Instant startup – native webview loads directly

**Trade-offs:**
- Less native API coverage than Tauri
- Smaller ecosystem/community

## Version Info

- Vue 3.5.x
- Vite 7.x
- TypeScript 5.9
- Neutralino 6.4.x

Commit message:

fix: resolve production build issues and improve DX
- Add postinstall script to auto-run `neu update` after install
- Update binaryVersion/clientVersion to 6.4.0 (matching npm package)
- Add tokenSecurity: "one-time" to fix NE_CL_IVCTOKN error
- Disable enableInspector for production builds
- Use vite-plugin-static-copy to bundle neutralino.js client
- Add cross-platform build feature to README
- Add *.tsbuildinfo to gitignore

README.md, after:

# Neutralino.js Template With Vite.js and Vue.js

A modern starter template combining Neutralino.js, Vite, and Vue 3 with TypeScript support.

## Technologies

- **[Neutralino.js](https://neutralino.js.org/)**   - Lightweight desktop app framework, alternative to Electron
- **[Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)**                   - Next-generation frontend tooling with instant HMR
- **[Vue 3](https://vuejs.org/)**                   - Progressive JavaScript framework with Composition API

## Requirements

- **Node.js 18+**                                   - (required for Vite 6)
- **npm** or **yarn**                               - (package manager)

## Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/jonasfroeller/vue.vite.neutralinojs.template.git
cd vue.vite.neutralinojs.template

# Install dependencies
yarn

# Update Neutralino binaries
npx neu update

# Customize your app
# - Update `name` and `description` in `package.json`
# - Update `applicationId`, `modes.window.title`, and `cli.binaryName` in `neutralino.config.json`
# - Update `<title>` in `index.html`
# - Replace `public/favicon.ico` and icons
```

## Development

```bash
# Build and run in Neutralino window
yarn dev
```

## Production Build

```bash
# TypeScript check + Vite build + Neutralino build
yarn build
```

Your app binaries will be in the `dist/` folder.

## Project Structure

```
├── src/                    # Source code
│   ├── main.ts             # App entry point
│   ├── App.vue             # Root component
│   └── env.d.ts            # TypeScript declarations
├── public/                 # Static assets
├── index.html              # HTML entry
├── vite.config.ts          # Vite configuration
├── tsconfig.json           # TypeScript config
├── neutralino.config.json  # Neutralino config
└── package.json            # Package config
```

## Why Neutralino?

**Blazing fast** compared to alternatives:

|                  | Neutralino     | Tauri            | Electron         |
| ---------------- | -------------- | ---------------- | ---------------- |
| Min. binary size | ~2-3 MB        | ~5-10 MB         | ~150 MB+         |
| Startup time     | Instant        | Fast             | Slow             |
| Compile step     | None (JS only) | Rust compilation | None             |
| Runtime          | System webview | System webview   | Bundled Chromium |

**Advantages:**
- No bundled runtime – uses Edge WebView2 on Windows
- Zero compile step – just JS bundling, no Rust/Go
- Instant startup – native webview loads directly
- **True cross-platform builds** – builds for Windows, macOS, and Linux from any OS (no cross-compilation needed!)

**Trade-offs:**
- Less native API coverage than Tauri
- Smaller ecosystem/community

## Version Info

- Vue 3.5.x
- Vite 7.x
- TypeScript 5.9
- Neutralino 6.4.x
